docs: refresh telemetry page (#9272)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Contributing/contributing-telemetry.mdx

## Privacy

The Langflow team respects your privacy, and the team is committed to protecting your data.

Langflow telemetry doesn't collect any personal information or sensitive data.
All telemetry data is anonymized and used solely for improving Langflow.

## Opt out of telemetry

To opt out of telemetry, set the `LANGFLOW_DO_NOT_TRACK` or `DO_NOT_TRACK` environment variable to `true` before running Langflow. This disables telemetry data collection.

## Data that Langflow collects

Langflow telemetry collects data on flow runs, your environment, and component usage.

### Run

This telemetry event is sent every time a flow is executed.

- **IsWebhook**: Indicates whether the operation was triggered with a webhook.
- **Seconds**: Duration in seconds for how long the operation lasted, providing insights into performance.
- **Success**: Boolean value indicating whether the operation was successful, helping identify potential errors or issues.
- **ErrorMessage**: Provides error message details if the operation was unsuccessful, aiding in troubleshooting and enhancements.

### Shutdown

This telemetry event captures information about application lifecycle and runtime duration.

> - **Time Running**: Total runtime before shutdown, which is useful for understanding the application lifecycle and optimizing uptime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **TimeRunning**: Total runtime before shutdown, which is useful for understanding the application lifecycle and optimizing uptime.
```

The other metrics don't have a space. Not sure if this one should have a space?

### Version

This telemetry event is sent once when the telemetry service starts.

- **Version**: The specific version of Langflow used, which helps in tracking feature adoption and compatibility.
- **Platform**: Operating system of the host machine, which helps determine the most popular platforms for development and testing efforts.
- **Python**: The version of Python used, assisting in maintaining compatibility and support for various Python versions.
- **Arch**: Architecture of the system, such as x86 or ARM, which helps prioritize hardware optimization and testing in the Langflow codebase.
- **AutoLogin**: Indicates whether the auto-login feature is enabled, reflecting user preference settings.
- **CacheType**: Type of caching mechanism used, which impacts performance and efficiency.
- **BackendOnly**: Boolean indicating whether Langflow is running in backend-only mode, useful for understanding deployment configurations.
- **Desktop**: Indicates whether Langflow is running in desktop mode (Langflow Desktop), helping to understand usage patterns across different deployment types.

### Playground

> This telemetry event monitors performance and usage patterns in the Playground environment.
> 
> - **Seconds**: Duration in seconds for Playground execution, offering insights into performance during testing or experimental stages.
> - **ComponentCount**: Number of components used in the Playground, which helps understand complexity and usage patterns.
> - **Success**: Success status of the Playground operation, aiding in identifying the stability of experimental features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This telemetry event monitors performance and usage patterns in the **Playground** environment.

- **Seconds**: Duration in seconds for **Playground** execution, offering insights into performance during testing or experimental stages.
- **ComponentCount**: Number of components used in the **Playground**, which helps understand complexity and usage patterns.
- **Success**: Success status of the **Playground** operation, aiding in identifying the stability of experimental features.
```

Decided in LFOSS-1534 that we should always use `**Playground**` because it is the specific name/screen in the UI, not a generic concept.

> 

Reviewer: I cannot comment on line 6-8 but please see the following suggestion:

```
Langflow uses anonymous telemetry to collect statistics about feature usage and performance.
The Langflow team uses this data to identify popular features and areas that need improvement based on actual usage patterns.
This helps prioritize development efforts on the most impactful changes and popular features.

## Privacy

The Langflow team respects your privacy, and the team is committed to protecting your data.

Langflow telemetry doesn't collect any personal information or sensitive data.
All telemetry data is anonymized and used solely for improving Langflow.

```

## Data that Langflow collects

> ### Run

Reviewer: Avoid headings with nothing between them (see last bullet here: https://developers.google.com/style/headings#heading-and-title-format )

> ### Run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Langflow telemetry collects data on flow runs, your environment, and component usage.

### Run
```

- **IsWebhook**: Indicates whether the operation was triggered with a webhook.
- **Seconds**: Duration in seconds for how long the operation lasted, providing insights into performance.
- **Success**: Boolean value indicating whether the operation was successful, helping identify potential errors or issues.
- **ErrorMessage**: Provides error message details if the operation was unsuccessful, aiding in troubleshooting and enhancements.

### Shutdown

> - **Time Running**: Total runtime before shutdown, useful for understanding application lifecycle and optimizing uptime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Time Running**: Total runtime before shutdown, which is useful for understanding the application lifecycle and optimizing uptime.
```

### Version

- **Version**: The specific version of Langflow used, which helps in tracking feature adoption and compatibility.

> - **Platform**: Operating system of the host machine, which aids in focusing our support for popular platforms like Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Platform**: Operating system of the host machine, which helps determine the most popular platforms for development and testing efforts.
```

> - **AutoLogin**: Indicates whether the auto-login feature is enabled, reflecting user preference settings.

Reviewer: I can't comment on like 32 (Arch), but please remove `e.g.` and `our`:

```
- **Arch**: Architecture of the system, such as x86 or ARM, which helps prioritize hardware optimization and testing in the Langflow codebase.
```

- **CacheType**: Type of caching mechanism used, which impacts performance and efficiency.

> - **BackendOnly**: Boolean indicating whether you are running Langflow in a backend-only mode, useful for understanding deployment configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BackendOnly**: Boolean indicating whether Langflow is running in backend-only mode, useful for understanding deployment configurations.
```

> - **Desktop**: Indicates whether Langflow is running in desktop mode, helping to understand usage patterns across different deployment types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Desktop**: Indicates whether Langflow is running in desktop mode (Langflow Desktop), helping to understand usage patterns across different deployment types.
```
